-: Welcome back.
We are going to look into CloudWatch Container Insights
feature as part of this section.
So we are going to look into many CloudWatch features
and also a simple notification service as part of this.
So what is this Container Insight
and then what it is going to do.
So let's go ahead and then see that now.
So Container Insights is a fully managed observability
service for monitoring, troubleshooting
and alarming on our containerized applications.
Container Insights also allows us to collect
aggregate and summarize metrics
and logs from our containerized applications
and also for microservices.
So the metrics include utilization
for resources such as CPU, memory, disc and then network.
It also provides diagnostic information
such as container restart failures
so that you can consider us one metric to help us
isolate issues and resolve them quickly.
So we can also set CloudWatch alarms
on metrics that container inserts collapse.
And the metrics that container inside collects are available
in CloudWatch automatic dashboards too,
and we can analyze and troubleshoot container performance
and logs data with CloudWatch log insights.
So if you see from CloudWatch perspective,
so on a very high level it has covered the maximum ground,
even the newest and latest Container Insights feature.
So you can configure CloudWatch alarms
inside Container Insights and you can also have
CloudWatch automatic dashboards for the metrics information.
And you can also means like Container Insights
is collecting the logs.
So you can also have log insights feature
and using log insights based on the queries.
Whatever we have written, again we can create
the custom dashboards for us and then based on that,
whatever the patterns we select, right, so the type
of errors our application is facing and then create a log
and then further log create query and then using
that query create a graph and then try to add it
to the dashboard so that what happens.
We can continuously monitor that type of error
in our application using log insights queries
and then adding it to the dashboard.
So like this, we can have lots and lots
of benefits using Container Insights.
So let's see what we are going to deploy
as part of Container Insights to our EKS cluster, right?
So in a Kubernetes cluster let's consider
you have two worker nodes, worker node one
and then worker node two.
So let's consider this as our EKS cluster in AWS
So you are going to fast deploy fluent entity, DaemonSet.
So we already discussed about what is DaemonSet
and then what are the features it provides
during our x-ray section.
DaemonSet in very simple terms is whenever you configure
your application as a DaemonSet
it is going to deploy one part per worker note.
So on every worker note, one of our part will keep running.
So now we have the fluentd port up and running
as a DaemonSet in worker node one and then worker node two.
The next thing is, what is this fluentd empty port
going to do?
So it is going to collect the application logs
which is nothing but the container logs
and also the Kubernetes cluster logs and whatever means
like the data plan logs, application logs
performance logs and all these things.
And then it is going to push
to the CloudWatch where in using CloudWatch log
insights we are going to analyze them
and then create our custom dashboard screens for it.
And next thing is CloudWatch agent DaemonSet.
So what is this going to do?
So this is one more set we are going to deploy.
So this one will collect the metrics information
of our applications, cluster worker nodes easy
two instances inside that everything okay?
So it is going to provide the CPU, memory port, everything
all the information, service information all.
So we have a dimension of 134 types
of CloudWatch Container Insights metrics
that is going to get collected as part
of this CloudWatch agent.
And next is if we deploy our application
on this cluster and when these things are running
they are going to collect the necessary information
and then push it to the CloudWatch surveys.
And now the information is there in CloudWatch service.
So who need to use it, either a developer
or a operations user can go to CloudWatch management console
and then start looking and then analyzing the data.
So first in first Container Insights
the core feature is it provides say container map.
So it is going to be a very nice feature.
And then it is going to give complete picture
of all the objects present in our Kubernetes
cluster pods, services, nodes everything.
So you are going to see all those things
in our next slide about the container map.
So let's wait for that.
And another thing is it is also going to provide the list
of all container resources.
So container map and resource view is same
but only thing is you can see in map view
or you can see in list view in the container resources.
Next is performance dashboard.
So from the fluentd DaemonSet it is going
to collect performance logs and CloudWatch agent
also will collect the performance related metrics.
And all the information related to metrics you can see
in performance dashboard with automatic dashboards created
by CloudWatch for Container Insights.
So Container Insights creates few automatic dashboards
and using that you'll see the performance dashboards.
So we'll see that also in our upcoming slides,
and log groups and then log insights.
So we are going to have four to five types
of log groups available out of the box
whenever we enable Container Insights.
So for application logs, which is nothing
but whatever we deployed related to ports
and then services those things and data plan logs
which is nothing but cluster control plan.
And also we will have host related logs.
So all these types of logs will be available
inside the log groups and those things you can select
inside the login insights and then provide
the necessary queries to query that data,
and then add them as dashboard to our custom dashboards.
And now the next thing is alarms.
So now you have lot of CloudWatch metrics means
like this agent is collecting lot of memory CPU metrics
of your parts and then your worker notes everything.
Now example, like if your worker node is running
at 80% CPU and if you want to trigger an alarm
to an email or if you want to take a automatic action
that if this worker node is running
at 90%, just go ahead and then using the auto scaling
groups create two more nodes,
so like that also we can do.
So all those things are possible with alarms.
So now the next step is let's go ahead
and then see the Container Insights map.
So this is a sample map.
So if you see here EKS demo one
which is nothing but a cluster, right?
So the next level in the map is name spaces.
If you go inside Kubernetes on a very high level
it is distributed in such a way
that everything is under name spaces from cluster.
And then next comes the name spaces.
You will have a default name space
and cube system name space by default.
And as part of our CloudWatch Container Insights
we have created a Amazon CloudWatch EK namespace
and then we have deployed our fluentd CloudWatch part
and then EKS CloudWatch agent part.
Okay, so now in our whatever related
to Container Insights is this part
of our map and cube system.
This is the core EKS cluster related map where
you have cube proxy part AWS note part and then Q DNS port.
And in Q DNS you'll have a service,
and under that service you'll have the part.
So now you also see the default name space, right?
So you can see EKS name space
which is nothing but the default name space
in that I have two applications running.
One is app one Nginx deployment, which is the pod
and it has a service network load balance
of service exposed.
So like that in the same way I have a simple cluster
IP service sample Nginx service.
Under that I have a sample Nginx pod running.
So that's about the Container Insight.
So how much the content you have all can be displayed
in a map.
And also you can go to sub means like you have a huge amount
of containers and then ports and then services deployed.
You can even go to a minor part of your map
and then see those things also in a visual manner.
So it's a very advanced model has been provided
by CloudWatch here and then you are going to enjoy that.
And next thing is automatic performance dashboard, right?
So as we said whenever the metrics are collected
using CloudWatch agent in our cluster
and then push you to CloudWatch Container Insights
it is going to generate automatic dashboards.
So these are automatic dashboards.
So this is one sample, I have taken it from EK Sports.
So you can see CPU utilization
for each part I have cube system part
and then I have Amazon CloudWatch related two parts
and then cube system, other parts and it's like
in cube system, namespace, whatever the parts are there
those are displayed here.
In default namespace I have app one and then sample pod.
So those information, whatever is present
in namespace/pod all those CPU utilization is shown here.
And memory utilization and network utilization.
And also it also provides the pod limit means
like over a pod limit if the CPU is used.
Those related information also provided here.
In addition to that, if you see here
you have seen only EKS ports but in the dropdown
you can have lot of automatic dashboards generated,
which is EKS name spaces, EKS clusters,
EKS nodes, EKS services.
And recently, very recently they have released
their Prometheus related integration with CloudWatch
which means CloudWatch Container Insights
which means you need to deploy your Prometheus
inside the EKS cluster and you can get Prometheus tile
off metrics to our CloudWatch Container Insights.
So that's a very good option recently released
and then it is in beta option today.
Okay, so that's about it.
So you can have EKS port services notes
or have automatic dashboard generator for all these things.
So this completes the introductory part
of our CloudWatch Container Insights.
So let's go ahead and then do some hands on there.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.